1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
If you somehow found a way to extract all of the gold from the bubbling core of our lovely little planet, you would be able to cover all of the land in a layer of gold up to your knees.
If you believe that you’re truly one in a million, there are still approximately 7,184 more people out there just like you.
Nicholas Cage bought a pet octopus once because he sincerely thought it might help with his acting.
The tongue is the strongest muscle in the body.
Every year more than 2500 left-handed people are killed from using right-handed products.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so that they do not drift apart.
The Golden Poison Dart Frog’s skin has enough toxins to kill 100 people.
The male ostrich can roar just like a lion.
Mountain lions can whistle.
The giraffe’s tongue is so long that they can lick the inside of their own ear.
Cows kill more people than sharks do.
A single cloud can weight more than 1 million pounds.
Nicholas Cage also once did magic mushrooms with his cat.
Cats have 32 muscles in each of their ears.
Butterflies taste their food with their feet.
A tarantula can live without food for more than two years.
The tongue of a blue whale weighs more than most elephants!
Ever wonder where the phrase “It’s raining cats and dogs” comes from? In the 17th century many homeless cats and dogs would drown and float down the streets of England, making it look like it literally rained cats and dogs.
It takes about 3,000 cows to supply enough leather for the NFL for only one year.
Male dogs lift their legs when they are urinating for a reason. They are trying to leave their mark higher so that it gives off the message that they are tall and intimidating.
A hummingbird weighs less than a penny.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain
Dogs are capable of understanding up to 250 words and gestures and have demonstrated the ability to do simple mathematical calculations.
A human will eat on average 70 assorted insects and 10 spiders while sleeping.
It actually takes 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon.
Birds don’t urinate.
A flea can jump up to 200 times its own height. That is the equivalent of a human jumping the Empire State Building.
There are 5 temples in Kyoto, Japan that have blood stained ceilings. The ceilings are made from the floorboards of a castle where warriors killed themselves after a long hold-off against an army. To this day, you can still see the outlines and footprints.
There is a snake, called the boomslang, whose venom causes you to bleed out from every orifice on your body. You may even turn blue from internal bleeding, and it can take up to 5 days to die from the bleeding.
A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball of rubber.
Saturn’s density is low enough that the planet would float in water.
68% of the universe is dark energy, and 27% is dark matter; both are invisible, even with our powerful telescopes. This means we have only seen 5% of the universe from earth.
The founders of Google were willing to sell Google for $1 million to Excite in 1999, but Excite turned them down. Google is now worth $527 Billion.
In the past 20 years, scientists have found over 1,000 planets outside of our solar system.
1% of all women can achieve full orgasm just by stimulating their breasts.
James Buchanan, the 15th U.S. president continuously bought slaves with his own money in order to free them.
There are 60,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body.
If a pregnant woman has organ damage, the baby in her womb sends stem cells to help repair the organ.
If you started with $0.01 and doubled your money every day, it would take 27 days to become a millionaire.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
You can’t kill yourself by holding your breath.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
There are more possible iterations of a game of chess than there are atoms in the known universe.
You’ll eat more than 35,000 cookies in your lifetime (probably).
What is called a “French kiss” in the English-speaking world is known as an “English kiss” in France.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a “Friday the 13th.”
The placement of a donkey’s eyes in its’ heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
Some worms will eat themselves if they can’t find any food!
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
In France, it is legal to marry a dead person.
Russia has a larger surface area than Pluto.
There’s an opera house on the U.S.–Canada border where the stage is in one country and half the audience is in another.
The harder you concentrate on falling asleep, the less likely to fall asleep.
Steve Jobs relieved stress by soaking his feet in Apple’s company toilets.
The average person walks the equivalent of three times around the world in a lifetime.
You can’t hum while holding your nose closed.
Women have twice as many pain receptors on their body than men. But a much higher pain tolerance.
There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand on every beach in the world.
For every human on Earth there are 1.6 million ants.
The total weight of all those ants, however, is about the same as all the humans.
On Jupiter and Saturn it rains diamonds.
Fredric Baur was the man who invented the iconic “Pringles” can. When he died, his ashes were buried in one.
Men are 6 times more likely to be struck by lightning than women.
Coca-Cola would be green if coloring wasn’t added to it.
Homosexuality was still classified as an illness in Sweden in 1979. Swedes responded by calling into work “sick,” saying they “felt gay.”
There is enough sperm in one single man to impregnate every woman on earth.
You cannot snore and dream at the same time.
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The world’s oldest piece of chewing gum is over 9,000 years old!
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continuously from the bottom of the glass to the top.
McDonalds calls frequent buyers of their food “heavy users.”
A coyote can hear a mouse moving underneath a foot of snow.
There is a town in Canada called “Dildo.”
Bolts of lightning can shoot out of an erupting volcano.
Earth has traveled more than 5,000 miles in the past 5 minutes.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
France was still executing people by guillotine when the first Star Wars movie came out.
It would take a sloth one month to travel one mile.
New York drifts about one inch farther away from London each year.
10% of the World’s population is left handed.
A U.S. dollar bill can be folded approximately 4,000 times in the same place before it will tear.
All swans in England belong to the queen.
23% of all photocopier faults world-wide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.
A broken clock is right two times every day.
A sneeze travels about 100 miles per hour.
No piece of square paper can be folded more than 7 times in half.
According to Amazon, the most highlighted books on Kindle are the Bible, the Steve Jobs biography, and The Hunger Games.
The US Treasury once considered producing doughnut-shaped coins!
Bob Marley’s last words to his son before he died were “Money can’t buy life.”
A mole can dig a tunnel that is 300 feet long in only one night.
A hippo’s wide open mouth is big enough to fit a 4-foot-tall child in.
Chewing gum while you cut an onion will help keep you from crying.
Cap’n Crunch’s full name is Horatio Magellan Crunch.
The average person spends 6 months of their lifetime waiting on a red light to turn green.
If you were to stretch a Slinky out until it’s flat, it would measure 87 feet long.
Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer
There are more collect calls on Father’s Day than on any other day of the year.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.
95% of people text things they could never say in person.
A crocodile can’t poke its tongue out.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Public Libraries.
Drying fruit depletes it of 30-80% of its vitamin and antioxidant content
A 2010 study found that 48% of soda fountain contained fecal bacteria, and 11% contained E. Coli.
The largest recorded snowflake was in Keogh, MT during year 1887, and was 15 inches wide.
The Vatican City is the country that drinks the most wine per capita at 74 liters per citizen per year.
9 out of 10 Americans are deficient in Potassium.
Blueberries will not ripen until they are picked.
About 150 people per year are killed by coconuts.
Ketchup was used as a medicine back in the 1930’s.
Honey never spoils.
About half of all Americans are on a diet on any given day.
A hardboiled egg will spin, but a soft-boiled egg will not.
Avocados are poisonous to birds.
Chewing gum burns about 11 calories per hour.
The number of animals killed for meat every hour in the U.S. is 500,000.
Approximately 40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with. It’s the same with apples!
More people are allergic to cow’s milk than any other food.
Only 8% of dieters will follow a restrictive weight loss plan (such as hCG Drops diet, garcinia cambogia diet, etc.)
Coconut water can be used as blood plasma.
Prisoners in Canadian war camps during WWII were treated so well, that a lot of them didn’t’ want to leave when the war was over.
Gorillas burp when they are happy
In New York, it is illegal to sell a haunted house without telling the buyer.
In 2006 someone tried to sell New Zealand on eBay. The price got up to $3,000 before eBay shut it down.
If a female ferret does not have sex for a year, she will die.
There are more lifeforms living on your skin than there are people on the planet.
It is considered good luck in Japan when a sumo wrestler makes your baby cry.
60.7 percent of eligible voters participated in the 2004 presidential election, the highest percentage in 36 years. However, more than 78 million did not vote. This means President Bush was re-elected by less than 31% of all eligible voters in the United States.
A man from Britain changed his name to Tim Pppppppppprice to make it harder for telemarketers to pronounce.
A woman from California once tried to sue the makers of Cap’n Crunch, because the Crunch Berries contained “no berries of any kind.”
Apple launched a clothing line in 1986. It was described as a “train wreck” by others.
In Japan, crooked teeth are considered cute and attractive.
A Swedish woman lost her wedding ring, and found it 16 years later- growing on a carrot in her garden.
Donald duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn’t wear pants.
The chance of you dying on the way to get lottery tickets is actually greater than your chance of winning.
Cherophobia is the fear of fun.
The toothpaste “Colgate” in Spanish translates to “go hang yourself”
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
Southern sea otters have flaps of skin under their forelegs that act as pockets. When diving, they use these pouches to store rocks and food.
7.5 million toothpicks can be created from a cord of wood.
Pirates wore earrings because they believed it improved their eyesight.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
71% of office workers stopped on the street for a survey agreed to give up their computer passwords in exchange for a chocolate bar.
Cockroaches can live for several weeks with their heads cut off, because their brains are located inside their body. They would eventually die from being unable to eat.
Scientists have tracked butterflies that travel over 3,000 miles.
To produce a single pound of honey, a single bee would have to visit 2 million flowers.
The population is expected to rise to 10.8 billion by the year 2080.
You breathe on average about 8,409,600 times a year
More than 60,000 people are flying over the United States in an airplane right now.
Hamsters run up to 8 miles at night on a wheel.
A waterfall in Hawaii goes up sometimes instead of down.
“Almost” is the longest word in English with all the letters in alphabetical order.
In 1386 a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child.
A church in the Czech Republic has a chandelier made entirely of human bones.
Under the Code of Hammurabi, bartenders who watered down beer were punished by execution.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools.
You are 1% shorter in the evening than in the morning
The elephant is the only mammal that can’t jump!
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!
If 33 million people held hands, they could make it all the way around the equator.
Earth is the only planet that is not named after a god.
The bloodhound is the only animal whose evidence is admissible in court.
One in every five adults believe that aliens are hiding in our planet disguised as humans.
Sean Connery wore a toupee in all his James Bond movies.
You are born with 300 bones, but by the time you are an adult you only have 206.
A ten-gallon hat will only hold ¾ of a gallon.
Just like fingerprints, everyone has different tongue prints.
ATM’s were originally thought to be failures, because the only users were prostitutes and gamblers who didn’t want to deal with tellers face to face.
Of all the words in the English language, the word “set” has the most definitions. The word “run” comes in close second.
A “jiffy” is the scientific name for 1/100th of a second.
One fourth of the bones in your body are located in your feet
111,111,111 X 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
Blue-eyed people tend to have the highest tolerance of alcohol.
A traffic jam lasted for more than 10 days, with cars only moving 0.6 miles a day.
A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
A Boeing 767 airliner is made of 3,100,000 separate parts.
A car that shifts manually gets 2 miles more per gallon of gas than a car with automatic shift.
A category three hurricane releases more energy in ten minutes that all the world's nuclear weapons combined.
A Costa Rican worker who makes baseballs earns about $2,750 annually. The average American pro baseball player earns $2,377,000 per year.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside.
A kiss stimulates 29 muscles and chemicals that cause relaxation. Women seem to like light and frequent kisses while men like them more strenuous.
A law passed in Nebraska in 1912 set hard rules of the road. Drivers in the country at night were required to stop every 150 yards, send up a skyrocket, then wait eight minutes for the road to clear before proceeding cautiously, all the while blowing their horn and shooting off flares.
A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
A rainbow can be seen only in the morning or late afternoon. It can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
A snail can sleep for three years.
A sneeze travels out your mouth at over 100 m.p.h.
A ten-year-old mattress weighs double what it did when it was new due to debris that it absorbs over time. That debris includes dust mites (their droppings and decaying bodies), mold, millions of dead skin cells, dandruff, animal and human hair, secretions, excretions, lint, pollen, dust, soil, sand, and a lot of perspiration, which the average person loses at a rate of a quart a day. Good night!
About 3,000 years ago, most Egyptians died by the time they were 30.
Abraham Lincoln's dog, Fido, was also assassinated.
According to Chinese acupuncture, there is a point on the head that you can press to control your appetite. It is located in the hollow just in front of the flap of the ear.
According to Genesis 1:20-22, the chicken came before the egg.
According to many language experts, the most difficult kind of phrase to create is a palindrome, a sentence or group of sentences that reads the same backward and forward. A few examples: Red rum, sir, is murder.    Ma is as selfless as I am.    Nurse, I spy gypsies. Run!     A man, a plan, a canal - Panama.       He lived as a devil, eh?
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction.
According to tests made at the Institute for the Study of Animal Problems in Washington, D.C., dogs and cats, like people, are either right-handed or left-handed—that is, they favor either their right or left paws.
All major league baseball umpires must wear black underwear while on the job in case their pants split.
All polar bears are left-handed.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Almost everyone who reads this will try to lick their elbow.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served first class.
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
An average of 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly carrying it.
An iguana can stay under water for 28 minutes.
Ancient Egyptians slept on pillows made of stone.
Antarctica is the only continent without reptiles or snakes.
As of January 1, 2004, the population of the United States increases by one person every 12 seconds. There is a birth every eight seconds, an immigrant is added every 25 seconds, and a death every 13 seconds.
At any given time, there are 1,800 thunderstorms in progress over the earth's atmosphere.
Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000.
Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf under his cap to keep his head cool. He changed it every two innings.
Babies is born without kneecaps. They appear between the ages of 2 and 6.
Beatrix Potter created the first of her legendary "Peter Rabbit" children's stories in 1902.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
Catsup leaves the bottle at a rate of 25 miles per year.
Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with.
Charlie Brown's father was a barber.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
City with the most Rolls Royces per capita: Hong Kong.
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down -- hence the expression "to get fired"
Coca-cola was originally green.
Cranberry is the only Jell-O flavor that contains real fruit flavoring.
Crocodiles and alligators are surprisingly fast on land. Although they are rapid, they are not agile, so if you ever find yourself chased by one, run in a zigzag line. You'll lose him or her every time.
David Bowie used to think he was being stalked by someone who is dressed like a giant pink rabbit. Bowie noticed the fan at several recent concerts, but became alarmed when he got on a plane and the bunny was also on board.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet (2 m) away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Dr. Samuel A. Mudd was the physician who set the leg of Lincoln's assassin, John Wilkes Booth, and whose shame created the expression for ignominy: "His name is Mudd."
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Dueling is legal is Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents the four major pillars of the economy in the middle ages: heart represented the Church, spades represented the military, clubs represented agriculture, and diamonds represented the merchant class.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
Erosion at the base of Niagara Falls has caused the falls to recede approximately seven miles over the past 10,000 years.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
Every year 16 million gallons of oil runs off pavement into streams, rivers, and eventually, oceans in the United States. This is more oil than was spilled by the Exxon Valdez.
Every year 56,000,000 people attend major league baseball games.
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
February is Black History Month.
Flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave.
George Lumley, aged 104, married Mary Dunning, aged 10, in Nortallerton, England on August 25, 1783. She was the great-great granddaughter of the woman who'd broken her engagement to Lumley, eighty years before.
Go, is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Goodbye came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you."
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
Hope this guy isn't in Topeka! It's illegal in Kansas to catch fish with your bare hands.
Hope this guy isn't in Topeka! It's illegal in Kansas to catch fish with your bare hands.
Horses can't vomit.
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation.
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle. If the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle. If the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
If Barbie were life-size, her measurements would be 39-23-33. She would stand 7 feet, 2 inches tall.
If it’s reduced by 10%, you’ll die.
If the amount of water in your body is reduced by just 1%, you’ll feel thirsty.
If you had enough water to fill one million goldfish bowls, you could fill an entire stadium.
If you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies you have $1.19. you also have the largest possible amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
If you sneeze too hard you can fracture a rib. If you try to suppress a sneeze you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die. If you keep your eyes open by force they can pop out.
If you were to spell out numbers, you would you have to go until 1,000 until you would find the letter A.
In 18th century England, gambling dens employed someone whose job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.
In 1920, Babe Ruth out-homered very American League team.
In 1963, major league baseball pitcher Gaylord Perry remarked, "They'll put a man on the moon before I hit a home run." On July 20, 1969, an hour after Neil Armstrong set foot on the surface of the moon, Perry hit is first, and only, home run while playing for the San Francisco Giants.
In 1980, there was only one country in the world with no telephones: Bhutan.
In 1998, more fast-food employees were murdered on the job than police officers.
In 21 states, Wal-Mart is the single largest employer.
In a recent survey, Americans revealed that banana was their favorite smell.
In a study of 200,000 ostriches over a period of 80 years there were no reported cases of an ostrich burying its head in the sand.
In Ancient Egypt , priests plucked every hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes.
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
In Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile, it has never rained.
In Egypt around 1500 B.C., a shaved head was considered the ultimate in feminine beauty. Egyptian women removed every hair from their heads with special gold tweezers and polished their scalps to a high sheen with buffing cloths.
In Elizabethan England, the spoon was so novel and prized that people carried their own folding spoons to banquets.
In England in the 1880s, "pants" was considered a dirty word.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
In space, astronauts cannot cry because there is no gravity and tears can't flow.
In the 16th and 17th centuries in the country of Turkey, anyone caught drinking coffee was put to death.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, "Well, are you there?". It wasn't until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase "number please?"
In the United States, a pound of potato chips costs two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes.
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks, and spoons.
In Tokyo you can buy a toupee for your dog.
Inn the great fire of 1666, half of London was burnt down but only six people were injured.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
It costs more to buy a new car today in the United States than it cost Christopher Columbus to equip and undertake three voyages to and from the New World.
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
It is physically impossible for you to lick your elbow.
It is physically impossible for you to lick your own elbow.
It is physically impossible for you to lick your own elbow.
It takes approximately 12 hours for food to entirely digest.
It took Leo Tolstoy six years to write "War & Peace".
It was discovered on a space mission that a frog can throw up. The frog vomits its entire stomach out so the organ is dangling out of its mouth. Then the frog uses its forearms to dig out all of the stomach's contents and swallows the stomach back down again.
It would take 11 Empire State Buildings, stacked one on top of the other, to measure the Gulf of Mexico at its deepest point.
It's against the law in Kansas to catch fish with your bare hands.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs, but not downstairs.
Jane Barbie was the woman who did the voice recordings for the Bell System.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
Kotex was first manufactured as bandages, during WWI.
La Paz, Bolivia has an average annual temperature below 50 degrees Fahrenheit. However, it has never recorded a zero-degree temperature. Same for Stanley, the Falkland Islands, and Punta Arenas, Chile.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors.
Liberace Museum has a mirror-plated Rolls Royce; jewel-encrusted capes, and the largest rhinestone in the world, weighing 59 pounds and almost a foot in diameter.
Lightning strikes the Earth 100 times every second.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Louis was furious. He had a secret warrant drawn up for the child's arrest, and young Seldon was thrown into solitary confinement in the Bastille. His parents, members of one of Europe's richest merchant families, were told simply that the child had disappeared. Days turned to months, months to years, and Louis himself passed away. But Francis spent sixty-nine years "in the hole" for making fun of the king's baldness.
Louis XIV of France really was as unpleasant a fellow as he's been depicted. In 1674, when he was visiting a school at Clermont, he heard from the school's authorities that one of the children, a nine- year-old Irish lad named Francis Seldon, had made a pun about the king's bald head.
Lucy and Linus (who where brother and sister) had another little brother named Rerun. (He sometimes played left-field on Charlie Brown's baseball team, [when he could find it!]).
Mailmen in Russia now carry revolvers after a recent decision by the government.
Maine is the only state a one-syllable name.
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America's landlord, Mario Segali.
Mary Stuart became Queen of Scotland when she was only six days old.
Men can read smaller print than women. Women can hear better.
Millie the White House dog earned more than four times as President Bush in 1991.
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is exactly the same as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
Montpelier, VT is the only U.S. state capital without a McDonalds.
More than 2 billion pencils are manufactured each year in the United States. If these were laid end to end they would circle the world nine times. The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
More than 8,100 US troops are still listed as missing in action from the Korean War.
Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of the blue whale.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Most of the dust particles in your house are dead skin.
Most toilets flush in E flat.
Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.
Nobody knows who built the Taj Mahal. The names of the architects, masons, and designers that have come down to us have all proved to be latter-day inventions, and there is no evidence to indicate who the real creators were.
Number of US states that claim test scores in their elementary schools are above national average: 50.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
Of the six men who made up the Three Stooges, three of them were real brothers (Moe, Curly and Shemp).
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
On average, there are 178 sesame seeds on each McDonalds BigMac bun.
On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.
One in every four Americans has appeared on television.
One out of five people in the world (1.1 billion people) live on less than $1 per day.
Only female mosquitoes bite.
Ostriches stick their heads in the sand to look for water.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Paul Revere rode on a horse that belonged to Deacon Larkin.
Penguins can jump as high as six feet in the air.
Percentage of Americans who say that God has spoken to them: 36.
Police dogs are trained to react to commands in a foreign language; commonly German but more recently Hungarian.
Portion of land in the US owned by the government: 1/3.
President Bush was re-elected in 2004 by less than 31% of all eligible voters in the United States.
President Bush was re-elected in 2004 by less than 31% of all eligible voters in the United States.
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
Quebec City, Canada, has about as much street crime as Disney World.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to operate a television for three hours.
Retired basketball sensation Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike each year than all the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
Revolvers cannot be silenced because of all the noisy gasses which escape the cylinder gap at the rear of the barrel.
Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name. The official name, used on all state documents, is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
Richard Versalle, a tenor performing at New York's Metropolitan Opera House, suffered a heart attack and fell 10 feet from a ladder to the stage just after singing the line, "You can only live so long."
San Francisco cable cars are the only National Monuments that can move.
Slugs have four noses.
Snakes are true carnivores as they eat nothing but other animals. They do not eat any type of plant material.
Some dogs can predict when a child will have an epileptic seizure and even protect the child from injury. They're not trained to do this, they simply learn to respond after observing at least one attack.
St. Stephen is the patron saint of bricklayers.
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed using only the left hand.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
The "sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" is said to be the
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
The average American drinks about 600 sodas a year.
The average lifespan of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year.
The average person spends about 2 years on the phone in a lifetime.
The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth.
The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep.
The chicken is one of the few things that man eats before it's born and after it's dead.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; "7" was selected because the original containers were 7 ounces. "UP" indicated the direction of the bubbles.
The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth 2 moves only six inches for each gallon of fuel it burns.
The dot that appears over the letter i is called a "tittle."
The drive-through line on opening day at the McDonald's restaurant in Kuwait City, Kuwait was seven miles long at its peak.
The earliest recorded case of a man giving up smoking was on April 5, 1679, when Johan Katsu, Sheriff of Turku, Finland, wrote in his diary "I quit smoking tobacco." He died one month later.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
The first drive-in service station in the United States was opened by Gulf Oil Company - on December 1, 1913, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The first FAX machine was patented in 1843, 33 years before Alexander Graham Bell demonstrated the telephone.
The first Fords had engines made by Dodge.
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
The fist product to have a bar code was Wrigleys gum.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
The jellyfish is 95% water.
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache.
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725-1765, a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
The largest ocean liners pay a $250,000 toll for each trip through the Panama Canal. The canal generates fully one-third of Panama's entire economy.
The leg bones of a bat are so thin that no bat can walk.
The longest bout of hiccups lasted nearly 69 years.
The main library at Indiana University sinks over an inch a year. When it was designed engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and the chocolate bar in his pocket melted.
The moon is moving away from the Earth at a tiny, although measurable, rate every year. 85 million years ago it was orbiting the Earth about 35 feet from the planet's surface.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
The newspaper serving Frostbite Falls, Minnesota, the home of Rocky and Bullwinkle, is the Picayune Intellegence.
The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
The Olympic flag's colors are always red, black, blue, green, and yellow rings on a field of white. This is because at least one of those colors appears on the flag of every nation on the planet.
The only food that does not spoil: honey.
The only member of the band ZZ Top without a beard has the last name Beard.
The pancreas produces Insulin.
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law which stated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.
The Pilgrims ate popcorn at the first Thanksgiving dinner.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
The roar that we hear when we place a seashell next to our ear is not the ocean, but rather the sound of blood surging through the veins in the ear. Any cup-shaped object placed over the ear produces the same effect.
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
The Spanish word esposa means "wife." The plural, esposas, means "wives," but also "handcuffs."
The star Antares is 60,000 times larger than our sun. If our sun were the size of a softball, the star Antares would be as large as a house.
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
The term "the whole 9 yards" came from WWII fighter pilots in the South Pacific. When arming their airplanes on the ground, the .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measured exactly 27 feet, before being loaded into the fuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, it got "the whole 9 yards."
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley.
The two-foot long bird called a Kea that lives in New Zealand likes to eat the strips of rubber around car windows.
The United States has five percent of the world's population, but twenty-five percent of the world's prison population.
The United States has never lost a war in which mules were used.
The Weddell seal can travel underwater for seven miles without surfacing for air.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Seuss in "If I Ran the Zoo."
The word "testify" is based on the Ancient Roman practice of making men swear on their testicles when making a statement in court.
The word “gorilla” is derived from a Greek word meaning, “A tribe of hairy women.”
The world's youngest parents were age 8 and 9. They lived in China and had their child in 1910.
The youngest pope was 11 years old.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
There are 2,000,000 millionaires in the United States.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
There are more cars in Southern California than there are cows in India.
There are more collect calls on Father's Day than any other day of the year.
There are more living organisms on the skin of a single human being than there are human beings on the surface of the earth.
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
There are only four words in the English language which end in "-dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
There are only three types of snakes on the island of Tasmania and all three are deadly poisonous.
There are over 87,000 Americans on waiting lists for organ transplants.
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
There is a bar in London that sells vaporized vodka, which is inhaled instead of sipped.
There is a company that will (for $14,000) take your ashes and compress them into a synthetic diamond to be set in jewelry for a loved one.
There is enough fuel in full jumbo jet tank to drive an average car four times around the world.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Title 14, Section 1211, of the Code of Federal Regulations, implemented on July 16, 1969, makes it illegal for U. S. citizens to have any contact with extraterrestrials or their vehicles.
Toto was paid $125 per week while filming The Wizard of Oz.
toughest tongue twister in the English language.
Toxic house plants poison more children than household chemicals do.
Turning a clock's hands counterclockwise while setting it is not necessarily harmful. It is only damaging when the timepiece contains a chiming mechanism.
Typewriter is the longest word that can be made using the keys on only one row of the keyboard.
Wayne's World was filmed in two weeks.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
When opossums are "playing 'possum," they are not playing. They actually pass out from sheer terror.
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
Women blink nearly twice as often as men.
World Tourist day is observed on September 27.
You are more likely to be infected by flesh-eating bacteria than you are to be struck by lightning.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.